[oneMKL][spblas] Add sorted_by_rows property (#583)
uxlfoundation/oneAPI-spec: source/elements/oneMKL/source/domains/spblas/data_types/set_matrix_property.rst

   holds all the given properties. A property can be set as a hint for backends
   to optimize some operations. Multiple properties can be set to the same handle.

symmetric
^^^^^^^^^

Guarantees that the user-provided matrix data are symmetric, meaning the matrix
is square, the user data contain both lower and upper triangular regions, and
that its transpose is equal to itself.

sorted
^^^^^^

Guarantees that the user-provided matrix data is fully sorted. The table below
details the property for each matrix format:

   .. list-table::
      :header-rows: 1
      :widths: 20 80

      * - Matrix format
        - Description
      * - CSR
        - Guarantees that the column indices are sorted in ascending order for
          a given row.
      * - COO

>         - Guarantees that the indices are sorted by row then by column in
>           ascending order.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        - Guarantees that the indices are sorted by rows then by columns
          within rows in ascending order.
```

Author: Done in https://github.com/uxlfoundation/oneAPI-spec/pull/583/commits/eef74a30ab15edbfed9e1d470913aec66ec23903

          the matrix is square, the user data contain both lower and upper
          triangular regions, and that its transpose is equal to itself.
      * - ``sorted``
        - | Guarantees that the user-provided matrix data is fully sorted.
          | For CSR this guarantees that the column indices are sorted in
            ascending order for a given row.
          | For COO this guarantees that the indices are sorted by row then by
            column in ascending order.
      * - ``sorted_by_rows``
        - | Guarantees that the user-provided matrix data is partially sorted.
            Has no effect if the property ``sorted`` is set.
          | For COO this guarantees that the indices are sorted by row in
            ascending order. The column indices within a row do not need to be
            sorted.
          | Setting this property for a matrix using the CSR format will throw an
            :ref:`oneapi::mkl::invalid_argument<onemkl_exception_invalid_argument>`

>             exception.

Reviewer: Why should it throw an `invalid_argument` exception for CSR format? This is the default state of a CSR format anyway. Setting this property on a CSR matrix should do nothing regardless of whether the `sorted` property has been set or not.

Author: I don't really think of the CSR as being sorted by rows in the sense that the values in `row_ptr` don't represent indices and can't be ordered in any other way. I understand the idea for allowing this. I think not throwing an exception is a risk for inexperienced users that maybe wanted to set the `sorted` property instead.

Reviewer: > I think not throwing an exception is a risk for inexperienced users that maybe wanted to set the sorted property instead.

Good thinking. This is fine then.
